Added new section to increase visibility of feature for cloud services (#6010)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/amazon/services/prerequisites/considerations.rst

    </service>

  </wodle>
  
  
Enabling dashboard visualization  
--------------------------------
  

>    Once the configuration is complete, you can enable the `Security Information` visualization feature in the **Wazuh Dashboard**. You can read more about it `here <https://documentation.wazuh.com/current/user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/settings.html#modules>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the configuration is complete, you can enable the corresponding Security Information Management module on the Wazuh Dashboard. To learn more, see the`modules <https://documentation.wazuh.com/current/user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/settings.html#modules>`_ section.
```

Reviewer: Consider adding the corresponding screenshot to make it more appealing to users. For example:

![image](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-documentation/assets/61882981/a370f92d-5600-4878-adbf-76bac86b7290)

    </service>

  </wodle>
  
.. note::
   Once the configuration is complete, you can enable the `Security Information` visualization feature in the **Wazuh Dashboard**. You can read more about it `here <https://documentation.wazuh.com/current/user-manual/wazuh-dashboard/settings.html#modules>`_.

> 

Reviewer 2: The note has little visibility inside of **FIPS endpoints**. I suggest adding a new section with this content.
